README.md, before:

# Super Mario Craps
Craps is a dice-rolling/gambling game. In this version, users wager virtual money and play
as one of eight Mario characters, each with their own unique dice.

# How to run this game
Eventually I will clean up the run process, possibly package the app into a 
binary/executable...

For now, open a Git Bash or a shell terminal, and enter `./run.sh`. You must have a Java Runtime Environment installed (verify by running `java`). 

After running, you should see this frame:
![smc-title-screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995440-773e7c44-b7aa-48aa-9f78-e49cf9969e6a.png)


If you click anywhere inside this frame, it will bring up the character select screen:
![smc-character-select-screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995450-c680513d-1203-4ff6-9cdd-70b881ed279e.png)


After you pick your character, the game screen will show up. You're ready to start gambling.
![smc-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995553-d5d45f04-3be3-460f-977e-2be98bce9a32.png)

# Rules
Wager money with the buttons or text field at the top of the game screen. Once you wager money, you can make your first roll with the "Initial Roll" button. For your initial roll:
<ul>
         <li>7 and 11 are a win: you receive double your wager</li>
         <li>2, 3, and 12 are a loss</li>
         <li>any other number becomes the 'goal'. You must keep rolling dice until you reach the goal or lose.</li>
</ul>


If you end up with a goal after your initial roll, keep rolling dice with the "Roll Again" button. For every subsequent roll:
 <ul>
         <li>the goal is a win</li>
         <li>7 and 11 are a loss</li>
</ul>


The goal of the game is keep winning and making money.
![smc-5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995610-b3934bca-d5a9-4bbb-8af7-091769f78417.png)


Obviously I don't own the rights to Super Mario or any of its characters.

Commit message:

update README in preparation of release v1.0.0

README.md, after:

# Super Mario Craps
Craps is a dice-rolling/gambling game. In this version, users wager virtual money and play
as one of eight Mario characters, each with their own unique dice.

# How to run this game
Eventually I will clean up the run process, possibly package the app into a 
binary/executable...

For now, there are two ways to run the game:

(Option 1) Download the JAR file attached to the latest release, and run `java -jar SuperMarioCraps.jar`.
You must have a Java Runtime Environment installed (verify you can run `java`). 

(Option 2) Clone the project, and run `run.sh`
You must have a Java Development Kit installed (verify you can run `java` and `javac`). 

After running, you should see this frame:
![smc-title-screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995440-773e7c44-b7aa-48aa-9f78-e49cf9969e6a.png)


If you click anywhere inside this frame, it will bring up the character select screen:
![smc-character-select-screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995450-c680513d-1203-4ff6-9cdd-70b881ed279e.png)


After you pick your character, the game screen will show up. You're ready to start gambling.
![smc-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995553-d5d45f04-3be3-460f-977e-2be98bce9a32.png)

# Rules
Wager money with the buttons or text field at the top of the game screen. Once you wager money, you can make your first roll with the "Initial Roll" button. For your initial roll:
<ul>
         <li>7 and 11 are a win: you receive double your wager</li>
         <li>2, 3, and 12 are a loss</li>
         <li>any other number becomes the 'goal'. You must keep rolling dice until you reach the goal or lose.</li>
</ul>


If you end up with a goal after your initial roll, keep rolling dice with the "Roll Again" button. For every subsequent roll:
 <ul>
         <li>the goal is a win</li>
         <li>7 and 11 are a loss</li>
</ul>


The goal of the game is keep winning and making money.
![smc-5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78334282/136995610-b3934bca-d5a9-4bbb-8af7-091769f78417.png)


Obviously I don't own the rights to Super Mario or any of its characters.
